Since this game started, almost two years have passed.
As always, I'm continuing to advance at the front lines.
I wonder what Kayaba Akihiko is thinking...
as he watches us from the shadows.
Guess I'll head back.
October 17th, 2024  74th Floor • Dungeon
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
That's...
Wh-Whoa...
Isn't this an S-class rare item?!
I've never even seen this before.
Say, Kirito.
You're not in any need for money, right?
Trying to sell it...
Haven't you thought about eating it?
I have.
It's not something I'm likely
to find again, after all.
Then why...
The thing is,
finding someone with a high
enough Cooking level is...
I guess if we tried to cook it,
it would burn to a crisp...
Kirito-kun.
Chef captured.
W-What?
Fancy seeing you here, Asuna.
I didn't expect you to come to a dump like this.
It's almost time for the next boss raid, so I came to see if you were still alive.
I'm on your friends list, aren't I?
Well, now I know for sure.
That aside, what's up?
You said something about a chef.
Oh, that's right.
Around what level is your Cooking skill right now?
I maxed it out last week.
What?!
Impressed?
In that case, I have a favor to ask you.
Th-This is... a Ragout Rabbit?!
Here's a proposition.
If you cook this for me, I'll let you have a bite.
I want half.
Uh, fine...
All right!
Sorry.
With that said, it's not up for sale anymore.
We're friends, right?
Right?
You could give me a bite too—
I'll write you an 800-word essay on how good it was.
Y-You've got to be kidding me!
So, where are we going to cook it?
Um...
Your room doesn't even have the proper appliances or utensils, does it?
Just this once, in respect for the ingredients, I wouldn't mind inviting you to my house.
You're dismissed for today.
Thank you.
Asuna-sama, I don't approve of you inviting such a suspicious man to your house.
His background aside, his skill at least is certain.
He's probably ten levels higher than you, Kuradeel.
I'm inferior to this guy?
I see! He's the beater...
Yeah, that's right.
Asuna-sama, guys like him only care about themselves!
You're just asking for trouble by getting involved with him.
What's going on?
Isn't she Asuna-sama, "The Flash"?
Whoa, you're right.
She's cute.
Anyway, you're dismissed for today.
This is an order from your vice-commander.
Hey, wait, is this okay?
It's fine!
It's spacious and there isn't a lot of people.
It has a liberating atmosphere.
If you like it, why don't you move here too?
I have nowhere near enough money to afford it.
That aside, was it really okay for you to ditch him?
I said I didn't need an escort, but leaders are apparently required to have one.
In the past, we were just a small guild where the leader personally invited people.
Soon after, we started attracting more people,
and once we came to be known as the strongest guild, everything changed.
Well, it's nothing serious, so no need to worry!
If we don't hurry, it'll get dark.
R-Right...
P-Pardon the intrusion...
Say, how much did this all cost?
I think the house and the interior cost around four million col total.
I'm going to go change, so have a seat.
O-Okay.
Four million.
Four mega-col, huh?
I should have earned about that much by now, but...
How long do you plan to stay dressed like that?
O-Oh, right.
This is a legendary S-class ingredient, huh?
So, how do you want me to prepare it?
I'll leave it up to the Chef.
Let's see...
Then I'll make it into stew.
Ragoût
is a stew that's named after the Ragout Rabbit, after all.
Normally, there are a lot more steps to this.
But in SAO, cooking is so
oversimplified that it's boring.
And that's it for the stew.
In the meantime, I'll make some garnish.
An S-class ingredient...
I've been here for two years now, but this is my first time eating one.
I'm glad I managed to survive this long.
Agreed.
It's strange.
For some reason,
it feels like I've been living in this world for all my life,
ever since I was born.
Lately, I've been thinking less and less about the real world.
It's not just me either.
Recently, the number of people trying to clear the game,
fighting ceaselessly for freedom, have dwindled.
Now, all the people fighting on the front lines combined
don't even add up to 500.
Everyone's become used to it...
to this world.
Still, I want to go back.
After all, there are plenty of things I've yet to do there.
Yeah.
If we give up now, the efforts of the worker-class players who've been constantly supporting us
will be all for naught.
Stop right there.
What do you mean?
In the past, that expression had a tendency of preceding a marriage proposal.
Judging from your reaction, you're not close to any other girls, are you?
That doesn't matter since I'm a solo player.
Kirito-kun, don't you want to join a guild?
I understand that former beta testers don't get along with groups.
But you know,
ever since we cleared the 70th Floor,
I've been getting the feeling that irregularities in monster behavior have increased.
If you play solo, there will be unexpected situations that you can't handle alone.
And you won't always be able to emergency teleport away.
I always keep my health above a certain level.
Besides, when it comes to party members,
they tend to get in my way more often than not.
Is that so?
Okay, I get it.
You're an exception.
Good.
In that case, party with me, for old times' sake.
This week's lucky color is black, after all.
What're you saying?!
All reasons aside, Asuna, what about your guild?!
It's not like we have a leveling quota.
Th-Then what about your escort?
I'll ditch him.
The front lines are dangerous.
Y-You win.
I guess I should thank you for today.
I enjoyed the meal.
That's my line.
I'll ask you again next time—
At least, that's what I'd like to do,
but I doubt I'll find something like that again.
Oh?
Regular ingredients can taste good too if you prepare them properly.
The world as it is now...
Is it really what Kayaba Akihiko aimed to create?
She's late.
What...
is this?
Ouch...
U-Um... Morning, Asuna.
What is it?
Asuna-sama, please refrain from running off on your own.
Let us return to the guild headquarters.
I refuse!
Anyway, what were you doing waiting in front of my house so early?
I predicted this might happen,
so I had taken the responsibility of monitoring you at Selmburg for the past month.
B-But that wasn't part of the commander's orders!
It is my duty to protect you.
Naturally, that extends to watching over your home.
No, it doesn't, you idiot!
Please stop being so unreasonable.
Now, let's return to headquarters.
Sorry, but your vice-commander will be spending the day with me today.
I'll take responsibility for Asuna's safety.
It's not like we're going to fight a boss.
Go back to your headquarters alone.
Don't be absurd!
An incompetent player like you couldn't possibly protect her!
I'm a member of the glorious Knights of the Blood—
I can do a better job than you can.
Seeing how you're so confident in your abilities,
you'd be willing to prove them to me, wouldn't you?
Are you sure?
Don't worry.
I'll report this to the commander.
Watch closely, Asuna-sama.
I shall now prove that nobody is better suited to protect you than I.
The solo player Kirito and a member of the Knights of the Blood are dueling!
This'll be quite a show.
P-Preposterous.
Wh-Whoa, he broke his weapon.
Was that his goal?
You can feel free to try again with a different weapon,
but don't you think this is enough?
A-Asuna-sama...
The destruction of my weapon must've been a ruse!
Otherwise, there's no way a dirty beater could have...
Kuradeel.
I order you as a vice-commander of the Knights of the Blood.
As of today, I relieve you of your escort duties.
Standby at headquarters until you receive further orders.
That is all.
What?
You...
Teleport to Grandum.
I'm sorry for involving you in this.
No, I'm fine.
But are you okay?
Yes.
I think the stifling atmosphere of my guild
is the result of me prioritizing the game's completion,
which in turn puts so much
pressure on the other members.
That's...
I'd say you're doing the right thing...
Besides, if there wasn't somebody like you, the clearing group wouldn't have made it this far.
It's not something a solo player like me should be saying, though.
Anyway, even if you want to take a break by partying with a slacker like me,
I don't think anybody has the right to prevent you from doing so.
Well, I guess I should thank you.
Okay, I'll take you for your
word and take it easy today.
Good luck being the forward.
W-Wait a second!
Shouldn't we take turns being the forward?!
I'll take care of it tomorrow!
What?!
Having a skilled partner makes the fighting a lot easier...
Kirito-kun, time to switch!
Y-Yeah, got it!
Kirito-kun, look.
Isn't this...
Probably is.
It's the boss room.
What now?
Should we take a small peek?
Boss monsters never leave the rooms that they're guarding.
Just opening the door is fine.
Y-Yeah.
But just in case, keep a teleport crystal at hand.
Right.
Ready?
Here we go.
Yeah.
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru